Terraform Docs (#3174)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.2.x (beta)/docs/policy/reference/policy/policy.mdx

---
page_title: '`policy`'
description: >-
  Reference for the `policy` block used to configure Terraform policy evaluation settings.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2026-07-14T11:44:47-05:00
last_modified: 2026-07-14T19:01:42.000Z
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

# `policy`

> The `policy` block configures how Terraform policy evaluates your policies, including which version of Terraform to use to perform the evaluation. You must include a `policy` block with a `required_providers` nested block in any policy files that contain resource or module policies.

Reviewer: Small typo: this should be "resource or **provider** policies", not "module". `module_policy` is the one exempt from `required_providers`. The validate.mdx and write/policies.mdx wording is correct.

> The `policy` block configures how Terraform policy evaluates your policies, including which version of Terraform to use to perform the evaluation. You must include a `policy` block with a `required_providers` nested block in any policy files that contain resource or module policies.

Author: ```suggestion
The `policy` block configures how Terraform policy evaluates your policies, including which version of Terraform to use to perform the evaluation. You must include a `policy` block with a `required_providers` nested block in any policy files that contain resource or provider policies.
```

- Data type: String
- Required

In your policies, reference your functions with the syntax `plugin::<plugin_label>::<function_name>(<function_arguments>...)`.

### `required_providers`

Specifies provider requirements for schema validation during policy evaluation. Required for policy files that contain resource or provider policy blocks. When you run `tfpolicy validate`, Terraform policy validates your policy configuration against the specified provider schemas. 

Specify each provider as a named block within the `required_providers` block.

- Data type: Block
- Default: None
- Example: [Validate against provider schemas](#validate-against-provider-schemas)

A `required_providers` block supports the following configuration.

#### Provider label

The provider block label gives a name to the provider.

#### Provider `source`

The `source` attribute specifies the provider source address in the format `<namespace>/<provider>`.

- Data type: String
- Required

#### Provider `version`

> A version constraint specifying which provider versions to validate against. When you specify a version range, Terraform policy performs validation using the schemas from versions of the provider matching the top and bottom of the range. When you omit the version, Terraform policy selects the oldest released version of the provider. Wildcard version constraints (`*`) are not permitted, and will cause Terraform policy to raise an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A version constraint specifying which provider versions to validate against. When you specify a version range, Terraform policy performs validation using the schemas from versions of the provider matching the top and bottom of the range. When you omit the version, Terraform policy selects the oldest released version of the provider. You can't use wildcards (`*`) in version constraints. 
```

---
page_title: '`policy`'
description: >-
  Reference for the `policy` block used to configure Terraform policy evaluation settings.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2026-07-14T11:44:47-05:00
last_modified: 2026-07-14T19:01:42.000Z
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

# `policy`

> The `policy` block configures how Terraform policy evaluates your policies, including which version of Terraform to use to perform the evaluation.

Author: ```suggestion
The `policy` block configures how Terraform policy evaluates your policies, including which version of Terraform to use to perform the evaluation. You must include a `policy` block with a `required_providers` nested block in any policy files that contain resource or module policies.
```

    }
    custom_validator = {
      source = "../plugins/bin/custom-validator"
    }
  }
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

## Specification

A `policy` block supports the following configuration. 

### `plugins`

Specifies plugins that provide custom functions to use in your policies. Plugins must be compiled binaries. Refer to [Policy plugins](/terraform/policy/write/plugins) for more information. 

Specify each plugin as a map within the `plugins` block.

- Data type: Block
- Default: None
- Example: [Configure multiple plugins](#configure-multiple-plugins)

A `plugins` block supports the following configuration.

#### Plugin map label

The plugin block label gives a name to the plugin. Must be unique within the policy file.

#### Plugin map key `source`

The `source` attribute is the path to the plugin binary. The binary must be a valid Terraform policy Go plugin server. Refer to [Policy plugins](/terraform/policy/write/plugins) for more information about creating and using policy plugins.

- Data type: String
- Required

In your policies, reference your functions with the syntax `plugin::<plugin_label>::<function_name>(<function_arguments>...)`.

### `required_providers`

> Specifies provider requirements for schema validation during policy evaluation. When you run `tfpolicy validate`, Terraform policy validates your policy configuration against the specified provider schemas. 

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies provider requirements for schema validation during policy evaluation. Required for policy files that contain resource or provider policy blocks. When you run `tfpolicy validate`, Terraform policy validates your policy configuration against the specified provider schemas. 
```

Specify each provider as a named block within the `required_providers` block.

- Data type: Block
- Default: None
- Example: [Validate against provider schemas](#validate-against-provider-schemas)

A `required_providers` block supports the following configuration.

#### Provider label

The provider block label gives a name to the provider.

#### Provider `source`

The `source` attribute specifies the provider source address in the format `<namespace>/<provider>`.

- Data type: String
- Required

#### Provider `version`

> A version constraint specifying which provider versions to validate against. When you specify a version range, Terraform policy performs validation using the schemas from versions of the provider matching the top and bottom of the range.

Reviewer: Wildcard `*` is a hard error rather than being skipped, so the Note below reads inverted. Also worth calling out that omitting `version` validates against the oldest released version.

> A version constraint specifying which provider versions to validate against. When you specify a version range, Terraform policy performs validation using the schemas from versions of the provider matching the top and bottom of the range.

Author: ```suggestion
A version constraint specifying which provider versions to validate against. When you specify a version range, Terraform policy performs validation using the schemas from versions of the provider matching the top and bottom of the range. When you omit the version, Terraform policy selects the oldest released version of the provider. Wildcard version constraints (`*`) are not permitted, and will cause Terraform policy to raise an error.
```

- Data type: String
- Optional

<Note>

Wildcard version constraints (`*`) are not validated as they could reference multiple provider versions with different schemas.

> </Note>

Author: ```suggestion
```
